Make grammatical changes (#1296)
docsifyjs/docsify: docs/configuration.md

- Type: `String`
- Default: `#app`

> The DOM element to be mounted on initialization. It can be a CSS selector string or an actual HTML element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DOM element to be mounted on initialization. It can be a CSS selector string or an actual [HTMLElement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement).
```

It is actually `HTMLElement` 

Ref [this](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLElement)
